AnteaterTV Website
5 Tabs:
HOME

Here are some website examples of some of the top university news stations in America:
http://ictv.org/
http://webn.tv/
http://www.auatv.com/
I enjoy how big the image is at the front of the website of AUATV. I would want this to be made into a simple slideshow with maybe 5 key photos(similar to ICTV website), showcasing AnteaterTV, I will include them in the folder. From the webn.tv website, I like the simple layout of the tabs and title.

Here are some website examples from UCI:
https://uci.edu/
This is a perfect example of the amount of imagery and multimedia I would like on the home page. Because we promote visual media, I think it’s important to have a lot of it.
http://digifilmuci.com/
I enjoy the simplicity from this website, but I would like the five tabs centered, not just to the left. 
https://www.asuci.uci.edu/
From this website, I like the upcoming events tab on the left. Let me know if you can implement this into the website. I would like a better style and font, and this looks bland. You can play with the design and font, but please keep it simplistic and blue and yellow!
https://www.newuniversity.org/
I like the way the title is centered on this website, and I enjoy the scrolling tweets. If you could put our Instagram and Twitter on the front page with recent posts. Our Instagram is @anteater.tv our twitter is @anteatertv and our youtube is AnteaterTV. Can you add the Follow Us tab with the logos too? We have Instagram, twitter, and youtube.

What the homepage needs to include:
ATV Photo Slideshow
Follow Us column (twitter, youtube, instagram, facebook)
Upcoming events
Latest Videos

 

ABOUT
History
AnteaterTV (ATV) came into fruition as a club on the University of California, Irvine (UCI) campus in 2010 by Odalis Suarez. In 2013-2014, the club suffered a low point leaving only two members, Ella Rosenfeld and Max Richter. It was the union between Max and Michaela Holland, who at the time wrote for NewU, that revived the ATV club. Through a UROP funded project, Michaela and Max were able to bring attention to the AnteaterTV club, which was taken under the wing of Student Government and Student Media’s Executive Director, Stephanie Van Ginkel, as an official media organization of UCI. It was here that AnteaterTV grew into one of the biggest student medias on campus, with over 100 interns at one point. The student organization struggled due to lack of proper leadership the year after Michaela’s graduation, but was kept alive through the efforts of first executive producer Jazley Faith. Today, the number of interns have dwindled down to a select few, but the goal of ATV remains the same. Since the start of its creation, ATV’s goal is to create a platform for visual media creation, one that helps undergraduate students gain experience in management, videography, editing, acting, reporting, etc.
 
Mission Statement
Our mission statement is “AnteaterTV: Visual media created for students, by students.” AnteaterTV is the only student run visual media organization on the UCI campus. As an organization, we strive to document events and share community knowledge at UCI through our production of photo and video content.
 
Purpose
AnteaterTV allows students at UCI to stay up to date on current events on campus, through news style videos, to unify the Anteater community as a whole. Through our internship , we provide undergraduate journalists, photographers, videographers, and leaders with fast-paced, hands-on experience, which is vital to the workforce in this industry. We give our interns something to put on their resume that shows that they are able to produce or manage their own projects. Ultimately, our goal is to help students build their portfolios when applying to professional internships, which will increase their chances for job opportunities.
 
DEPARTMENTS
 
Arts
Covers Claire Trevor School of the Arts (CTSA) events in paid contract with Jaime DeJong. Producer of Arts Department is responsible for quarterly meetings with Jaime in order to discuss and collaborate on events to be covered and how. Use past arts videos as reference, and be sure to include all specifications/edits requested by Jaime and relevant arts faculty. Event coverage  range from dance, drama, music, and art exhibits.
 
Sports
Covers sports events at UCI. Events range from UCI athletics or UCI eSports arena.
 
Campus Life/News
Covers events going around campus, the life of UCI campus. Events range from club organizations, UCI campuswide events, concerts, etc.
 
Health and Wellness
Covers areas of UCI pertaining to health and wellness. Past videos have covered the UCI Care Center and Wellness events. Informative videos including tips on how to destress and health tips can also be created.
 
Politics
Covers political events that occur around the UCI campus and School of Social Sciences. Events range from ASUCI presidential campaigns, protests, and rallies. Informative videos such as a weekly recap of Politics at UCI, or explaining the political process at the university can also be created.
 
 
CALENDAR
Will provide you with list of calendar events, need my directors to send them.
 
CONTACT
(A type of form)
Name
Email
Organization
Department (drop down box with all 5 of our departments to choose from)
Date of event
Video Style (drop down box with options “30 second commercial,” “Highlight Video (1-2 min),” “Highlight Video with Interviews (1-3 min),” “Full Coverage of Event (one angle)”
Submit button
After they click submit, “Thank you! AnteaterTV will be in contact with you shortly!” text.
 
On the side of this form please include this contact information:
 
Lynslee Mercado
President of AnteaterTV
2017-2018
president@anteater.tv
 
Matthew Gavilanes
Executive Producer of AnteaterTV
2017-2018
eproducer@anteater.tv
 
David Rincon
AnteaterTV Faculty Advisor
DigiFilm Coordinator
dfrincon@uci.edu
 
 
Stephanie Van Ginkel
AnteaterTV Advisor
Executive Producer of Student Government & Student Media
svangink@uci.edu
 

