Anteater TV Website (Lynslee Mercado): The past year, our website went under reconstruction and hasn’t been completed. For this project, I would like to start fresh and create a new website start to finish. I would like it to look something along the lines of the New University website in terms of organization. A simple website that would include a contact page, an about page, and various pages of the different sections we have. Most of the content on this website would be text and video, with some pictures. We expect the basic website to be up/operational after 5 weeks, then the students will take advantage of agile development to extend/expand the website.

Oct. 9 


Meeting time monday 11am-12pm for this entire quarter?  Location in office?
Tuesday after 1230
Wed after 5
Thur after 7
Fri after 1

How often do you wanna see progress report?
Every week  link if possible
Go over what we did
What is Anteater TV

What is the purpose of this website 
Be more official
Who are the main user/target for this website
Students at UCI
What are the things/concepts/ideas/values that the Anteater TV wants to promote?
Five segments
Do you have requirement on which project manage software?  If not, we gonna use Trello as project manage software


Which platform should we use? Wordpress or directly from coding?  If so, wix, wordpress, squarespace or other platform?
Link to previous website

Will we be provided with Website building  materials including text, pictures and videos?  Or should we borrow from your facebook, youtube, instagram page?
yes

Do we have the permission to use AnteaterTV logo usage?


You said that the AnteaterTV website went under reconstruction and hasn’t been completed.  What is the reason for the website went under reconstruction?  Is there something wrong with the website?


How do you vision the website to look like?
Link on this

What are some websites that you like?

Is there a specific design requirements? (colors & structures)
School colors
Deadline for the simple version of the website is week 5.  What should be included besides a contact page and an about page?  What does “various pages of the different sections we have” mean? Max 5 
Home
Department section (5 sec)
Calendar
About
Contact


Do we need to include login system? (which means to include a user database) If so, what will be included in the user account? 
no

What are some things that we should avoid while designing? 
Unknown yet

What do you want the user to do when they reach the website? Contact, send message, or just view information?

Do you have domain & hosting for this website? 
Ask tech, will email back tonight after 10 pm..

How are you going to promote the website?
Social media





